add --show-ping to display ping, disabling it by default (#113)
websockets/wscat: README.md

  -o, --origin <origin>               optional origin
  -x, --execute <command>             execute command after connecting
  -w, --wait <seconds>                wait given seconds after executing command

>   -P, --show-ping                     print internal ping/pong messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -P, --show-ping                     print a notification when a ping or pong is received
```
